feat(doc): doc updates (#3164)
scaleway/docs-content: dedibox/vps/how-to/create-vps.mdx

---
meta:
  title: How to create a Dedibox VPS
  description: This page explains how to create a Dedibox VPS
content:
  h1: How to create a Dedibox VPS
  paragraph: This page explains how to create a Dedibox VPS
tags: vps dedibox order create
dates:
  validation: 2024-05-15
  posted: 2024-05-15
categories:
  - dedibox-vps
---

A Dedibox VPS (Virtual Private Server) is a private virtualized server that operates within a larger physical infrastructure.
It provides directly accessible computing resources and greater control of your hosting environment than shared hosting solutions.

VPS are suitable for various use cases, including hosting websites, web applications, databases, development environments, etc. They balance performance, control, and affordability for businesses and individuals with moderate to high-traffic websites or applications.

<Macro id="requirements" />

- A Dedibox account logged into the [console](https://console.online.net)
- [Added a payment method](/dedibox-console/account/how-to/add-payment-method) to your account

> 1. Open your [Dedibox console](https://console.online.net) home page and click **Order** in the navigation at the top of the page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Log in to your [Dedibox console](https://console.online.net) account and click **Order** in the navigation at the top of the page.
```

2. From the drop-down menu, select **Dedibox VPS** to access the Dedibox VPS offers page.
3. Choose the VPS offer you want to deploy, and proceed by clicking **Order**.
4. Specify the geographical region where you want your VPS deployed.
5. Select your preferred location for the virtual machine deployment, then click **Order** to proceed.
6. Choose your virtual machine's desired Operating System (OS) and select the appropriate OS version.
7. Enter a hostname for your VPS, ensuring it contains at least eight (8) alphanumeric characters. 

> 8. Optionally paste an [SSH key](/identity-and-access-management/organizations-and-projects/how-to/create-ssh-key/#how-to-upload-the-public-ssh-key-to-the-scaleway-interface) that can be used for authentication when connecting to the Dedibox VPS using SSH, then click Order. An order summary displays.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Optionally paste an [SSH key](/identity-and-access-management/organizations-and-projects/how-to/create-ssh-key/#how-to-upload-the-public-ssh-key-to-the-scaleway-interface) that can be used for authentication when connecting to the Dedibox VPS using SSH, then click **Order**. An order summary displays.
```

> 9. Review all the parameters for your virtual machine and check the message boxes to indicate you've read the terms of service and specific VPS conditions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
9. Review all the parameters for your virtual machine and check the message boxes to indicate you have read the terms of service and specific VPS conditions.
```

10. Click **Confirm my order** to confirm your purchase and initiate the deployment of your VPS.
	<Message type="note">
        It may take a few minutes for your VPS to be delivered and visible in your account.

>     </Message>

Reviewer: The message box displays weirdly here, I think there's an issue with the indentation
